README.md, before:

Unison Codebase UI
==================

![CI](https://github.com/unisonweb/codebase-ui/workflows/CI/badge.svg)

Running Development Server
--------------------------

1. Start `ucm` in headless mode (`ucm headless`) and copy the API URL (this URL
   is uniquely generated by `ucm` at start-up) from the `ucm` start-up output
   (`ucm` also outputs a UI URL, but this isn't used when developing for the
   UI/running the UI from this repository).

2. Make sure the latest dependencies are installed with by running `npm install`

3. Start the development server, run: `API_URL="<API URL FROM UCM>" npm start`

4. Visit `http://localhost:1234` in a browser.

Adding new Icons
----------------

To add new icons, copy the SVG markup to a new function in `/src/UI/Icon.elm`
following the convention seen there of other icons. The color (`fill` or
`stroke`) of the shape must be
[`currentColor`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/color).

Community
--------
[Code of conduct](https://www.unisonweb.org/code-of-conduct/)

Commit message:

Update README with better development instruction
Ensure the README calls out when the dev server should be used and link back to other ways of running the UI explained in the main Unison repository.

README.md, after:

Unison Codebase UI
==================

![CI](https://github.com/unisonweb/codebase-ui/workflows/CI/badge.svg)

Running Development Server
--------------------------

🔔 You should only need to run the UI development server if you're contributing to the UI. If you just want to run the UI to see your Unison codebase, it should either come pre-installed with `ucm` or if you built from source can be downloaded with a script: `./dev-ui-install.hs` from the `unison` repository ([Running Unison](https://github.com/unisonweb/unison/blob/trunk/development.markdown#running-unison)).

1. Start `ucm` (the executable is `unison` instead of `ucm` if you built the [unison repository](https://github.com/unisonweb/unison) from source) in headless mode: `ucm headless`, and copy the API URL (this URL
   is uniquely generated by `ucm` at start-up) from the `ucm` start-up output
   (`ucm` also outputs a UI URL, but this isn't used when developing for the
   UI/running the UI from this repository).

2. Make sure the latest dependencies are installed with by running `npm install`

3. Start the development server, run: `API_URL="<API URL FROM UCM>" npm start`

4. Visit `http://localhost:1234` in a browser.

Adding new Icons
----------------

To add new icons, copy the SVG markup to a new function in `/src/UI/Icon.elm`
following the convention seen there of other icons. The color (`fill` or
`stroke`) of the shape must be
[`currentColor`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/color).

Community
--------
[Code of conduct](https://www.unisonweb.org/code-of-conduct/)
